spec updates (#263)
anomanetwork/anoma: tech-specs/src/specs/overview.md

# Overview

> At high level, Anoma is composed of two main components: distributed ledger and intent gossip with matching system. While they are designed to complement each other, they can be operated separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At a high level, Anoma is composed of two main components: the distributed ledger and the intent gossip / matchmaking system. While they are designed to complement each other, they can be operated separately.
```

## The ledger

The ledger is a distributed state machine, relying on functionality provided by [Tendermint](https://docs.tendermint.com/master/spec/) such as its BFT consensus algorithm with instant finality, P2P networking capabilities, transaction mempool and more. The ledger state machine is built on top the [ABCI](https://docs.tendermint.com/master/spec/abci/).

> For proposer selection, the ledger employs a proof-of-stake system.

Reviewer: well, yes, but mostly just for validator voting power assignment

Author: Good point. I've corrected this, thank you!
